Muhammad Sharif born in December 1996. I Graduated from Government College University from Punjab Pakistan and M.Phil(CS) from Bahria University Islamabad, Pakistan. Before it, I studied HSSC from Government College Lahore Pakistan. I'm Software Engineer at Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital & Research Centre, Lahore. He started his career in the field of Database Management, AI Intelligent Software Development.
I have configured and Developed Oracle Database architecture as backend Configuration in Different Companies. He proved himself as the IT specialist (AI Software Developer) in Medical and Health Domain in Pakistan. Muhammad Sharif is a Public Motivational Speaker and Morals. I lectures about morals and motivation.
A passionate Oracle Database Applications and Dashboard (KPIs) Developer having hands-on experience with Oracle Apex, Tableau, Power BI. I am good at writing code for backend databases as well as front-end applications. I have over 2 years of experience in developing Oracle Database as well as Oracle Apex Application Developer. Major Expertise: Oracle Apex Software and Dashboard, Tableau KPIs, Reports and Dashboard, Insights Power BI Report, KPIs and Dashboard. A well-organized and ethical personality having good interpersonal skills and a positive attitude towards learning. I have done my M.Phil(CS) degree in Computer Science (Database autonomous and Cloud Database infrastructure in Data warehouse) from Bahria University Inslamabad Pakistan and have a Computer Software Engineering degree obtained from Government College University Punjab, Pakistan.
Muhammad Sharif has hands-on of experience in Healthcare domain and Mission (Medical Investigation) that provides professional Medical treatments to track and monitor healthcare metrics. I have written a book on BCI(brain computer interface) based AAC for blind persons. I also did study in health case called PACS. I also wrote a book in database management systems called "Database systems handbook" is a remarkable and simple way to share information when and where needed about DaaS (Database as a Service) businesses operate in a fiercely competitive market.
I'm a international public speaker with great speaking ability. I have singing and speaking skills.
I have also worked Power BI to analyze Data at real time. Primarily, in Power BI we pulls data together and processes it, turning it into intelligible insights, often using visually compelling and easy-to-process charts and graphs.

M.Phil(cs) Bahria University Islamabad (Project of Pakistan Navy) Pakistan. Specialization in Oracle Cloud Database Configuration and Database Integrations (Database autonomous and Cloud Database infrastructure in Data warehouse)
